all this hate and violence is being
facilitated by a handful of internet
companies
that amount to the greatest propaganda
machine
in history do you believe that facebook
is more responsible for anti-semitism as
it exists in the world today
than the eastern orthodox church do you
think facebook
has more of a powerful effect in forming
people's opinions and people's opinions
on this particular political issue
than martin luther the founder of
lutheran christianity and in large part
the founder of protestant christianity
which one do you think has been more
influential over the last 1 000 years
and which one do you think is more
influential even right now
in terms of people being raised from
infancy
in these institutions in these churches
in schools and high schools and colleges
that are created in order to inculcate
these religion into children what do you
think
catholicism protestantism eastern
orthodox christianity and oh yeah
have you heard of this religion called
islam
zuckerberg speaks of welcoming a
diversity of ideas
and last year he gave us an example he
said that he found posts
denying the holocaust deeply offensive
but he didn't think facebook should take
them down because
i think there are things that different
people
[Music]
this is october 12 2020.
suppose you were to go to the website
known as
facebook.com and search for the term
nazi genocide this is now today
the number one result because today is
the day
that facebook has changed its policy
reportedly
as a result of a personal decision taken
by its
owner mark zuckerberg oh yeah and look
at the number two
search result you can't bilderberg is a
tyranny yeah the educational power
of facebook can hardly be
overestimated coordinated by the
conference on jewish material claims
against germany
the hashtag no denying it campaign used
facebook itself to make the survivors
and treaties to zuckerberg heard
posting one video per day urging him to
remove holocaust denying groups
pages and posts as hate speech
zuckerberg said in a blog post monday
he believed the new policy strikes the
right balance
in drawing lines from what is and isn't
acceptable speech
so this is a reversal of policy
you guys probably remember from about
two years ago that mark zuckerberg took
a stand
at the opposite end of the spectrum
quote i'm jewish and there's a set of
people who deny that the holocaust
happened
i find that deeply offensive but at the
end of the day i don't believe that our
platform should take that down
because i think that there are things
that different people
yet wrong i've heard the sound clip
and he said a few more words here that
might have just been left
out he said that it's very difficult to
judge people's
intent as opposed to judging what
they're posting
part of the problem here is just that
mark zuckerberg is the wrong guy
to be making this argument he's an old
computer programmer
he's just not the kind of guy to give a
politically sophisticated
statement on this topic nor the type of
guy who should be expected to make
the right decision neither two years ago
nor right now
anti-semitism is a problem it's a huge
huge
problem however the suppression of free
speech
justified by anti-anti-semitism
justified by the opposition
to anti-semitism is also a huge problem
do you guys remember this video
from my channel about two years ago
wasn't a huge hit but i was discussing
uh
the politics and ethics of circumcision
and attempts to make
circumcision illegal eric klopper
is jewish i also
am jewish both of us are accused of
being
anti-semitic on this issue it's no joke
eric klopper's life has been destroyed
this way
it's totally possible my own youtube
channel will be destroyed
suppressed censored deleted or what have
you i think it is
serious defamation to accuse eric
klopper of anti-semitism
he's not anti-semitic he did however
create a
vitriolic youtube video that harshly
condemns
circumcision the religious and cultural
excuses for it
so in large part of course that is going
to be a critique
of judaism and modern american judaism
not just
ancient judaism among the israelites so
if you don't think this is a limitation
of freedom of speech that has
real consequences and not just real
consequences on individual people's
lives like eric clopper but also
really negative consequences for the
future of democracy
the issue of the critique of
circumcision is a very palpable
very important case i want to pause to
mention the problem
of calibrating this kind of conflict in
our society
the issue of anti-semitism and
anti-anti-semitism
it is a difficult issue but there are
worse there are harder there are larger
issues
i live in canada just looking at this
map should serve to remind you that
canada really is
built on genocide how can you possibly
how can you possibly through facebook
censorship
reverse address or deal with the extent
and depth of racism against canada's
indigenous people
can you imagine what it's like to be an
indigenous
den a person an indigenous dakota person
or an indigenous plains creed person
and to deal with the fact that now if
you want to get a taxi you have to lie
about what your name is when you make
the reservation on the phone
then when the taxi shows up the taxi
driver is going to be racist against you
i've seen pakistani and
indian immigrants who are intensely
racist against the native people
and they're driving taxis in canada now
canada is now a country where
newly arrived immigrants and refugees
have a higher status of the indigenous
people
and they participate in and join in
settler colonialist racism against the
indigenous people
it's a terrible problem and of course
places like california
australia and so on each have their own
tragic tale to tell
and these are problems that definitely
cannot be solved
through the suppression of freedom of
speech just as the fundamental problems
involved with anti-semitism cannot be
solved
through suppression all this hate and
violence
is being facilitated by a handful of
internet companies
that amount to the greatest propaganda
machine
in history do you believe that facebook
is more responsible for anti-semitism as
it exists in the world today
than the eastern orthodox church do you
think facebook
has more of a powerful effect in forming
people's opinions and people's opinions
on this particular political issue then
martin
luther the founder of lutheran
christianity and
in large part the founder of protestant
christianity which one do you think
has been more influential over the last
1 000 years
and which one do you think is more
influential even right now
in terms of people being raised from
infancy
in these institutions in these churches
in schools and high schools and colleges
that are created in order to inculcate
these religion into children what do you
think
catholicism protestantism eastern
orthodox christianity and oh yeah
have you heard of this religion called
islam do you think that there aren't
people
millions and millions of people who are
more influenced
by the fact that muhammad the prophet
was murdered
by being poisoned by a jewish woman you
don't think anti-semitism
is kind of a big deal within the
organized religion of islam and that
people have this inculcated into them
from their earliest childhood memories
all this hate
and violence is being facilitated by a
handful of internet companies
that amount to the greatest propaganda
machine
in history you don't think you don't
think that if you're going to complain
about the social and political influence
of
facebook don't think there are some
important comparisons to me there that
might
might calibrate that claim might put it
in a very different sort of perspective
zuckerberg tried to portray this whole
issue as
choices around free expression that is
ludicrous
this is not about limiting anyone's free
speech
it is precisely about limiting free
and i will say again as i've said in
numerous videos before i do believe
that freedom of speech should be limited
the discussion we're having the debate
we're having
is about how when and where freedom of
speech should be limited
with what consequences for whom
freedom of speech is not freedom of
reach
yes it is freedom of speech
does not consist of the ability for you
to sit alone
in your prison cell and talk to a wall
without being heard
freedom of speech in the absence of the
ability to reach an audience
is meaningless freedom of speech is
indeed
freedom of reach always has been always
will be
i actually do think this is a fairly
simple issue to address
i actually do think it is a fairly
simple issue to
solve if we can disambiguate what the
criteria
are whereby we're coming to that
solution and they're going to be
different solutions for different
websites
and all of these solutions are going to
really involve very muscular
government policy it's going to require
the writing of new laws
when you consider a particular website
you have to ask yourself
are we talking about a modern day pinnix
or are we not talking about something
equivalent
to the pinx what do i mean here i don't
think that
etsy.com needs to have freedom of speech
if you really think about it if etsy.com
were not censoring the results at all if
they were not censoring
what you are and are not allowed to sell
you'd get some really politically
provocative results
searching for flags on etsy okay
so freedom of speech as i've said in a
recent video the main challenge
is defining speech i think we have to
accept that etsy
wants to be able to sell handicrafts
without
dealing with these kinds of political
problems they just don't want to deal
with it one way or another
so that has to be legitimate you have to
say okay not
each and every website not each and
every app
on your phone answers to these standards
of guaranteeing safety for freedom of
speech
of creating a space for dissent and
protecting the rights of political
dissidents
that people with unpopular opinions
people who may be reviled and criticized
for their opinions
still fundamentally must be able to
reach an audience they must be able to
reach critics who are going to disagree
with them and inform them
to bring about the progress of democracy
through the ensuing clash of opposing
views
but admittedly not each and every
website should be regarded as
a modern day pnex the second criterion
that nobody wants to deal with
and again it's already an issue in
legislation
is that either we're talking about the
use of political free speech with
editorial control
editorial responsibility or we are
talking about a situation
in which nobody other than the author is
responsible
the legislation should be rewritten
there should be new laws and even new
constitutional principles set down about
this
under both of these categories the main
thing we need to legislate away
is anonymity if you don't know what i
mean by
personal accountability and having skin
in the game
there are examples like this one covered
in great length and great depth by the
new york times
of people whose lives are destroyed by
rumor
innuendo and reckless allegations stated
on the internet sometimes publicly
in this case the most damaging
allegations were just made through
anonymous emails they were able to get
justice they
were able to go to court because they
were able to prove
who sent the emails and the person who
sent the emails was a citizen of the
same country
that they were i do not believe in
freedom of speech
in the absence of personal
responsibility for the consequences
of your actions if you defame someone
you should be legally responsible for
defamation
currently it's incredibly rare to be
able to trace an email
to an email account that was registered
with someone's credit card so you know
who sent the email and you can take them
to court
and if there's a simple international
border involved if this guy who sent
these emails had been a
canadian or a samoan or a cambodian in
another country
as you know then all of a sudden there's
total impunity
even though people's lives really can be
destroyed by even the sort of
casual slander that has come to be
regarded as
normal on the internet so yes i
am saying that people should be forced
by legislation
to use their real names if they are
going to enjoy the privileges of freedom
of speech
they must in this sense have skin
in the game this is not about limiting
anyone's free speech freedom of speech
is not
freedom of reach we need to cultivate a
culture where we engage with one another
and we educate one another and we all
work our way
out of the ignorance that we were born
into
i can recognize that there are people
who grew up in traditional eastern
european families
whether they're hungarian ukrainian or
russian i can recognize that there are
people
raised with anti-semitism who grew up
with this
and are still just you know laboring
under this ignorance
and it really is meaningful for somebody
somewhere to reach out to them
engage with them and help them overcome
that ignorance they were born into
overcome those cultural assumptions they
were born into and yes the same can be
said for lots of people who were raised
in muslim families
so on and so forth in this sense it's
really important to have sympathy for
the devil
it's really important to recognize that
freedom of speech
lets these people come out and state
their views it shouldn't be anonymous it
shouldn't be reckless it shouldn't be in
a total absence
of personal accountability but then they
also can have the potential
for personal growth they also have the
potential not just to engage
others and share their ideas but to have
their ideas
challenged if you don't believe in that
tell me something what do you believe
the internet exists for
fundamentally what is the point do you
think that the internet just exists
for us to walk hand in hand from cradle
to the grave
in the same ignorance we were all born
into the internet exists
to stimulate you to ask yourself
difficult questions
and yes so that we can challenge one
another with difficult questions
of course i understand that people who
were raised with this belief
that circumcision is something sacred
and good and holy and wonderful
will find it disturbing we'll find it
deeply upsetting
to hear eric clopper telling them that
no
it's something bad and damaging and evil
and wrong
where is the theater where this issue
should be debated
if not right here on youtube if not on
the internet
this is not a debate you can have at the
grocery store this is not a debate you
can have at speaker's corner
this is a debate that really should be
broadcast into home to the internet
this challenge even if upsetting is
something that you should recognize
as a valuable form of dissent
as part of the progress of science
and genuinely part of the progress
of democracy